1, JAJANGMYEON
It is a popular noodle dish served with black bean sauce, which consists of chunjang( a salty black soybean paste), diced pork (or other kinds of meat) and vegetables. You can find it easily at a Korean Chinese restaurant.
While there are many theories about when it was first introduced to Korea, officially the first known Jajangmyeon is from a restaurant called Gonghwachun  in Chinatown of Incheon, Korea back in 1905. It was introduced by Chinese merchants but the flavor evolved to suit Korean’s taste buds over time.
It is a very common and easily accessible dish now. But when I was a child I only ate this on special occasions such as school carnival day or school entrance and graduation ceremony day. So you’ll understand how special this Jajangmyeon is to me and also to most Koreans.

INGREDIENTS FOR JAJANGMYEON, 6 SERVINGS
MAIN

1kg (35 ounces), fresh jajangmyeon noodles (Or you can use fresh udon or ramen noodles)
1 large onion (150g / 5.3 ounces)
1 medium zucchini (110g / 3.9 ounces)
2 large potatoes (470g / 1 pound)
7 large button mushrooms (240g / 0.5 pounds)
1/4 small cabbage (160g / 5.6 ounces)
600g / 1.3 pounds diced pork
PORK MARINADE SAUCE
1 Tbsp rice wine  (mirin)

5 sprinkles ground salt
5 sprinkles ground black pepper
1/4 tsp ginger powder

KOREAN BLACK BEAN SAUCE
6 Tbsp Korean black bean paste (Chunjang, 춘장)
90g / 3.2 ounces lard (or 6 Tbsp cooking oil – e.g. rice bran oil)
2 Tbsp brown sugar
4 Tbsp rice wine (or mirin)
1 cup chicken stock (as natural as possible)
1 cup water
Slurry (potato starch 5 Tbsp + water 4 Tbsp)
TOPPINGS
1 large cucumber (150g / 5.3 ounces)

Peas or sweet corn (from a tin, alternative)
Hard boiled egg (alternative)
*1 Tbsp = 15ml, 1 Cup = 250ml


PREPARATIONS

1. Rinse the pork in cold water and pat it dry with kitchen paper. Add the pork marinade sauce onto the pork. Mix them well and leave it for 15 mins.
2. Cut the onion, zucchini, and potato into small cubes.
3. Thin slice the mushrooms
4. Cut the cabbage into small to medium size pieces.
5. Julienne cut the cucumber.

HOW TO MAKE JAJANGMYEON

1. Pre heat the wok until the bottom is heated well. Add the lard (or cooking oil) and melt it in the wok. Add the black bean paste and stir it constantly on medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes. (Try not to burn it.) Add the brown sugar and stir it for an additional 2 to 3 mins.
2. Scoop out the black bean paste (without the oil) and set it aside. Leave the oil in the wok to use in the next step.
3. Add the pork into the wok and stir until the pork is half cooked.
4. Add the onion, zucchini, and potato and stir until all are 1/3 cooked (for 3 to 5 mins).
5. Add the mushrooms and cabbages and stir for 2-3 mins.
6. Add the black bean paste (from step 2) into the wok and mix it in with vegetables. Stir for 1 to 2 mins
7. Add the chicken stock, water and rice wine then simmer it for 5 to 7 mins on medium heat. (Cover the wok with a lid if possible. This will make the cooking process faster.)
8. Add the slurry into the wok then stir it. (This will thicken the black sauce. It is the final stage of making the black bean sauce.)
9. (While working on step 7) Boil some water in a pot and add the noodles when it starts to boil. Boil them until the noodles are cooked (for 3 to 5 mins).
10. Rinse the noodles in cold water and drain. Put them into a serving bowl/plate.
11. Add the black bean sauce (from the step 8) on top of the noodles. You can serve it as it is or decorate it with some cucumber slices, green peas or sweet corn or hardboiled egg. 12.Mix the sauce and the noodles well with chopsticks. Dig in. (It is ideal to have them with some (yellow) pickled radish. Apparently, it helps digestion. 
3, Italian food
1, Ravioli
Ingredients
5 to 5-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
6 large eggs
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon olive oil
sauce:
1 can (28 ounces) crushed tomatoes
1-1/2 cups tomato puree
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/3 cup water
1/3 cup tomato paste
3 tablespoons sugar
2 tablespoons minced fresh basil
1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley
1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano
1 garlic clove, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper

filling:
1 carton (15 ounces) ricotta cheese
2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 large egg, lightly beaten
2 teaspoons minced fresh basil
1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley
1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
Directions
Place 5 cups flour in a large bowl. Make a well in the center. Beat the eggs, water and oil; pour into well. Stir together, forming a ball. Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, 4-6 minutes, adding remaining flour if necessary to keep dough from sticking. Cover and let rest for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a Dutch oven, combine sauce ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
In a large bowl, combine filling ingredients. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
Divide pasta dough into fourths; roll 1 portion to 1/16-in. thickness. (Keep pasta covered until ready to use.) Working quickly, place rounded teaspoons of filling 1 in. apart over half of pasta sheet. Fold sheet over; press down to seal. Cut into squares with a pastry wheel. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Bring a soup kettle of salted water to a boil. Add ravioli. Reduce heat to a gentle simmer; cook until ravioli float to the top and are tender, 1-2 minutes. Drain. Spoon sauce over ravioli.







2, Cavatelli
Ingredients
Ingredient Checklist
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons durum semolina flour, plus more for baking sheets
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil



Directions
Instructions Checklist
Step 1
Mix together flours and salt on a clean surface, make a well in center, and gradually add 1/2 cup water and oil, working flours into center until a dough forms. (If dough is too dry, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time.) Knead dough until smooth and it springs back when gently pressed, about 5 minutes. Wrap in plastic
Step 2
Sprinkle 2 rimmed baking sheets with semolina flour. Divide dough into 8 pieces; keep covered with plastic wrap. Roll one piece at a time into a long rope, about 1/3 inch in diameter, then cut rope into 1/3-inch-long pieces. Using tips of index and middle fingers, firmly press each piece and pull dough toward you so it lengthens slightly and forms a curl in the middle. Transfer pieces to baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough.
Step 3
Cavatelli can be refrigerated, covered, up to 4 hours. (Or freeze on sheet; once firm, transfer to a resealable bag and freeze up to 3 months. There's no need to thaw before cooking.)
4, Ethiopian food
1, kocho
Kocho is a bread-like fermented food made from chopped and grated ensete pulp. It is used as a staple in Ethiopian cuisine in place of injera. In 1975 more than one-sixth of Ethiopians depended completely or partially on kocho for a substantial part of their food. It is eaten with foods such as kitfo.
The bread is made from fermented starch, also called “Kocho,” from the Enset plant.

The green leaf sheaths of this plant are scraped with a bamboo scraper. The scrapings are then put in a pit in the ground, lined with Enset leaves, along with some yeast mixed into the scrapings. The pit is then covered with Enset leaves, and rocks. It is allowed to ferment for at least a month; generally much longer — up to two years is not uncommon. The pit might be opened up once and twice, and the contents stirred. The longer it ferments, the better the taste. The scrapings are green before fermentation in the ground; afterwards, they turn white, and have a smell like cheese.

Kocho can be removed from the pits as needed for use. The women are in charge of the pits, treating them as household assets. The woman might even take out some for sale at the market, to buy other things.
To make bread from it, the amount needed is taken out of the pit, and chopped for a few minutes with a large knife blade to make sure any fibres remaining are chopped up.





2, Tihlo
Tihlo (Tigrinya: ቲህሎ) is a dish from the historical Agame province in Tigray that consists of barley dough balls covered with meat and berbere based sauce often served as a snack.Tihlo is commonly consumed as a side dish or snack, especially in Tigrayan communities
Ingredients
• 1 pound plum tomatoes
• 1 large onion
• ¼ cup olive oil (or less, to taste)
• 1 tablespoon or more berbere (see below)
For the tihlo:
• Two cups barley or wheat flour (or more)
• Water

Preparation
• To make the silsi, cut the tomatoes into pieces and puree them in a food processor until there are no chunks of tomato left. It will be very thick yet fluid. Set it aside in a bowl. Now, do the same with the onion, processing it very finely.
• Put the oil into a pot. Let the oil heat just a little, then add the tomato, onion and berbere, stirring it all well. You can use more than a tablespoon of berbere, depending upon how fiery you want it.
• Bring the mixture to a bubbling simmer on low to medium heat, then let it thicken as it cooks down. Be careful it doesn’t splatter (I recommend using a splatter screen over the pot). Plan to cook it for at least 45 minutes to a desired thickness, but don’t let it dry out.
• While it’s cooking, you can make your tihlo. Measure out the flour in a bowl, as much as you think you’ll need for how much tihlo you want to make. Put the flour in a heated skilled and stir it around for a few minutes to roast. Don’t let it burn or scorch! You just want it to smell a little bit roasted.
• Then, return it to a bowl, and slowly add some water. You want to make it thicker than mashed potatoes but not as thick as clay. Don’t let it get too moist. Use your judgment.
• Finally, roll the flour into balls about the size of meatballs.
• When the silsi is ready, put it in a small bowl, and put the bowl in the middle of a large plate. Put the balls of dough around the silsi bowl, and using a fork, dip the balls into the hot sweet spicy silsi.
• You can also complement the silsi by putting some ayib in the center of it (see photo). There’s a recipe for ayib above with the kitfo recipe